doc/Cabinet.md, before:


### Wirings

These wirings are pre-defined in the Cabinet, and can be referenced by name
in the web API. Names are case-insensitive.

| name     | mapping                    | notes                                   |
|----------|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| ETW      | ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ | Enigma M1                               |
| I        | EKMFLGDQVZNTOWYHXUSPAIBRCJ | Enigma M1                               |
| II       | AJDKSIRUXBLHWTMCQGZNPYFVOE | Enigma M1                               |
| III      | BDFHJLCPRTXVZNYEIWGAKMUSQO | Enigma M1                               |
| IV       | ESOVPZJAYQUIRHXLNFTGKDCMWB | Enigma M1                               |
| V        | VZBRGITYUPSDNHLXAWMJQOFECK | Enigma M1                               |
| UKW-A    | EJMZALYXVBWFCRQUONTSPIKHGD | Enigma M1                               |
| UKW-B    | YRUHQSLDPXNGOKMIEBFZCWVJAT | Enigma M1                               |
| UKW-C    | FVPJIAOYEDRZXWGCTKUQSBNMHL | Enigma M1                               |
| M3.VI    | JPGVOUMFYQBENHZRDKASXLICTW | Enigma M3                               |
| M3.VII   | NZJHGRCXMYSWBOUFAIVLPEKQDT | Enigma M3                               |
| M3.VIII  | FKQHTLXOCBJSPDZRAMEWNIUYGV | Enigma M3                               |
| M4.BETA  | LEYJVCNIXWPBQMDRTAKZGFUHOS | Enigma M4                               |
| M4.GAMMA | FSOKANUERHMBTIYCWLQPZXVGJD | Enigma M4                               |
| M4.UKW-B | ENKQAUYWJICOPBLMDXZVFTHRGS | Enigma M4                               |
| M4.UKW-C | RDOBJNTKVEHMLFCWZAXGYIPSUQ | Enigma M4                               |
| D.ETW    | QWERTZUIOASDFGHJKPYXCVBNML | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.I      | LPGSZMHAEOQKVXRFYBUTNICJDW | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.II     | SLVGBTFXJQOHEWIRZYAMKPCNDU | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.III    | CJGDPSHKTURAWZXFMYNQOBVLIE | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.UKW    | IMETCGFRAYSQBZXWLHKDVUPOJN | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| SK.ETW   | QWERTZUIOASDFGHJKPYXCVBNML | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| SK.I     | PEZUOHXSCVFMTBGLRINQJWAYDK | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| SK.II    | ZOUESYDKFWPCIQXHMVBLGNJRAT | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| SK.III   | EHRVXGAOBQUSIMZFLYNWKTPDJC | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| G312.I   | DMTWSILRUYQNKFEJCAZBPGXOHV | Enigma G-312                            |
| G312.II  | HQZGPJTMOBLNCIFDYAWVEUSRKX | Enigma G-312                            |
| G312.III | UQNTLSZFMREHDPXKIBVYGJCWOA | Enigma G-312                            |
| G312.UKW | RULQMZJSYGOCETKWDAHNBXPVIF | Enigma G-312                            |
| G260.I   | RCSPBLKQAUMHWYTIFZVGOJNEXD | Enigma G-260                            |
| G260.II  | WCMIBVPJXAROSGNDLZKEYHUFQT | Enigma G-260                            |
| G260.III | FVDHZELSQMAXOKYIWPGCBUJTNR | Enigma G-260                            |
| R.ETW    | QWERTZUIOASDFGHJKPYXCVBNML | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.I      | JGDQOXUSCAMIFRVTPNEWKBLZYH | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.II     | NTZPSFBOKMWRCJDIVLAEYUXHGQ | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.III    | JVIUBHTCDYAKEQZPOSGXNRMWFL | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.UKW    | QYHOGNECVPUZTFDJAXWMKISRBL | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| Z.ETW    | 1234567890                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.I      | 6418270359                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.II     | 5841097632                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.III    | 3581620794                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.UKW    | 5079183642                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |

### Wheels

Named wheels have wirings that correspond to their name, as well as notches defined
at the following positions:

| name     | notches           |
|----------|-------------------|
| I        | Q                 |
| II       | E                 |
| III      | V                 |
| IV       | J                 |
| V        | Z                 |
| M3.VI    | ZM                |
| M3.VII   | ZM                |
| M3.VIII  | ZM                |
| M4.BETA  | (none)            |
| M4.GAMMA | (none)            |
| D.I      | Y                 |
| D.II     | E                 |
| D.III    | N                 |
| G.I      | SUVWZABCEFGIKLOPQ |
| G.II     | STVYZACDFGHKMNQ   |
| G.III    | UWXAEFHKMNR       |
| R.I      | N                 |
| R.II     | E                 |
| R.III    | Y                 |
| Z.I      | 9                 |
| Z.II     | 9                 |
| Z.III    | 9                 |

Commit message:

Add trace option to jsapi, fix some wheel names, cleanup some comments and indentation, add some docs

doc/Cabinet.md, after:


### Wirings

These wirings are pre-defined in the `Cabinet`, and can be referenced by name
in the web API. Names are case-insensitive.

| name     | mapping                    | notes                                   |
|----------|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| ETW      | ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ | Enigma M1 Entry Disc                    |
| UKW-A    | EJMZALYXVBWFCRQUONTSPIKHGD | Enigma M1 Reflector                     |
| UKW-B    | YRUHQSLDPXNGOKMIEBFZCWVJAT | Enigma M1 Reflector                     |
| UKW-C    | FVPJIAOYEDRZXWGCTKUQSBNMHL | Enigma M1 Reflector                     |
| I        | EKMFLGDQVZNTOWYHXUSPAIBRCJ | Enigma M1                               |
| II       | AJDKSIRUXBLHWTMCQGZNPYFVOE | Enigma M1                               |
| III      | BDFHJLCPRTXVZNYEIWGAKMUSQO | Enigma M1                               |
| IV       | ESOVPZJAYQUIRHXLNFTGKDCMWB | Enigma M1                               |
| V        | VZBRGITYUPSDNHLXAWMJQOFECK | Enigma M1                               |
| VI       | JPGVOUMFYQBENHZRDKASXLICTW | Enigma M3                               |
| VII      | NZJHGRCXMYSWBOUFAIVLPEKQDT | Enigma M3                               |
| VIII     | FKQHTLXOCBJSPDZRAMEWNIUYGV | Enigma M3                               |
| M4.BETA  | LEYJVCNIXWPBQMDRTAKZGFUHOS | Enigma M4 (thin) "Greek Wheel"          |
| M4.GAMMA | FSOKANUERHMBTIYCWLQPZXVGJD | Enigma M4 (thin) "Greek Wheel"          |
| M4.UKW-B | ENKQAUYWJICOPBLMDXZVFTHRGS | Enigma M4 (thin) Reflector              |
| M4.UKW-C | RDOBJNTKVEHMLFCWZAXGYIPSUQ | Enigma M4 (thin) Reflector              |
| D.ETW    | QWERTZUIOASDFGHJKPYXCVBNML | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.I      | LPGSZMHAEOQKVXRFYBUTNICJDW | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.II     | SLVGBTFXJQOHEWIRZYAMKPCNDU | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.III    | CJGDPSHKTURAWZXFMYNQOBVLIE | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| D.UKW    | IMETCGFRAYSQBZXWLHKDVUPOJN | Enigma D (A26), K & G (Zählwerk Enigma) |
| SK.ETW   | QWERTZUIOASDFGHJKPYXCVBNML | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| SK.I     | PEZUOHXSCVFMTBGLRINQJWAYDK | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| SK.II    | ZOUESYDKFWPCIQXHMVBLGNJRAT | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| SK.III   | EHRVXGAOBQUSIMZFLYNWKTPDJC | Enigma K - Swiss Variant ("Swiss K")    |
| G312.I   | DMTWSILRUYQNKFEJCAZBPGXOHV | Enigma G-312                            |
| G312.II  | HQZGPJTMOBLNCIFDYAWVEUSRKX | Enigma G-312                            |
| G312.III | UQNTLSZFMREHDPXKIBVYGJCWOA | Enigma G-312                            |
| G312.UKW | RULQMZJSYGOCETKWDAHNBXPVIF | Enigma G-312                            |
| G260.I   | RCSPBLKQAUMHWYTIFZVGOJNEXD | Enigma G-260                            |
| G260.II  | WCMIBVPJXAROSGNDLZKEYHUFQT | Enigma G-260                            |
| G260.III | FVDHZELSQMAXOKYIWPGCBUJTNR | Enigma G-260                            |
| R.ETW    | QWERTZUIOASDFGHJKPYXCVBNML | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.I      | JGDQOXUSCAMIFRVTPNEWKBLZYH | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.II     | NTZPSFBOKMWRCJDIVLAEYUXHGQ | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.III    | JVIUBHTCDYAKEQZPOSGXNRMWFL | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| R.UKW    | QYHOGNECVPUZTFDJAXWMKISRBL | Railway Enigma (Rocket)                 |
| Z.ETW    | 1234567890                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.I      | 6418270359                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.II     | 5841097632                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.III    | 3581620794                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |
| Z.UKW    | 5079183642                 | Enigma Z (10 position numeric Enigma)   |

NOTE: The [Crypto Museum](https://www.cryptomuseum.com/) was an invaluable resource in
finding the wiring details for these various models.

### Wheels

Named wheels have wirings that correspond to their name, as well as notches defined
at the following positions:

| name     | notches           |
|----------|-------------------|
| I        | Q                 |
| II       | E                 |
| III      | V                 |
| IV       | J                 |
| V        | Z                 |
| VI       | ZM                |
| VII      | ZM                |
| VIII     | ZM                |
| M4.BETA  | (none)            |
| M4.GAMMA | (none)            |
| D.I      | Y                 |
| D.II     | E                 |
| D.III    | N                 |
| SK.I     | Y                 |
| SK.II    | E                 |
| SK.III   | N                 |
| G.I      | SUVWZABCEFGIKLOPQ |
| G.II     | STVYZACDFGHKMNQ   |
| G.III    | UWXAEFHKMNR       |
| R.I      | N                 |
| R.II     | E                 |
| R.III    | Y                 |
| Z.I      | 9                 |
| Z.II     | 9                 |
| Z.III    | 9                 |
